"SAF 'UV Textured Modern Art Print Framed' Painting (Synthetic, 35 cm x 50 cm x 3 cm, Set of 3) Color:Multicolor                                                                                 |                            Size:35 cm x 50 cm x 3 cm   Overview a beautiful painting involves the action or skill of using paint in the right manner; hence, the end product will be a picture that can speak a thousand words they say. Arts have been in trend for quite some time now. It can give different viewer different meanings style and design the SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame is quite abstract and mysteriously beautiful. The painting has a nice frame to it. You can gift this to a family or a friend. The painting has various forms of certain figures on it as seen in the image. You can add a good set of lights to the place where the painting is and the decor will give a different feel and look to the place. Quality and durability the painting has a matte finish and includes a good quality frame and will last for a long period. However, it does not include glass along with the frame. Specifications you can purchase SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame on amazon.in. It is the most customer-friendly platform with a wide range of products to choose from, and shopping is just a click away!"
"The Blazze Outdoor Seamless Bandanas Tube,Womens and Mens Headband Headwear Headwrap Headwear is made of Breathable 100% Polyester (Microfiber) fabric; Quick Drying, Sweat Wicking and Super Soft Tubular shape with 19＂ x 9.5＂(L x W) Completely seamless with elastic properties No sewn edges to irritate your skin UV PROTECTION: Ultraviolet protection that helps avoid dangerous UV radiation when in direct sunlight HIGHLY VERSATILE: Use as a headband for running DRIES QUICKLY: Due to the breathable Microfiber fabric the headwear is fast drying and comfortable on your skin"
Dell DW316 External USB Slim DVD R/W Optical Drive 429-AAUX DW316 Ext USB Optical Drive
"Euclid's Window: The Story of Geometry from Parallel Lines to Hyperspace About the Author Leonard Mlodinow, PhD, was a member of the faculty of the Californian Institute of Technology before moving to Hollywoos to become a writer for televsion. He has developed many best seliing and award-winning CD-ROMs and is currently VIce President,Emerging Technologies and R&D at Scolastic Inc. He lives in New York City."
"SAF Flower Print Framed Painting (Synthetic, 13.5 inch x 22 inch, UV Textured, Set of 3, SANFSW4951) Color:Multicolor                                                                                 |                            Size:35 cm x 50 cm x 2 cm   A beautiful painting involves the action or skill of using paint in the right manner, hence, the end product will be a picture that can speak a thousand words they say. Arts have been in trend for quite some time now. It can give different viewer different meanings style and design the saf wood matte painting with frame is quite abstract and mysteriously beautiful. The painting has a nice frame to it. You can gift this to a family or a friend. The painting has various forms of certain figures on it as seen in the image. You can add a good set of lights to the place where the painting is and the decor will give a different feel and look to the place. Quality and durability the painting has a matte finish and includes a good quality frame and will last for a long period. However, it does not include glass along with the frame."
"InEssence© New Viscose Scarf Ladies Wrap Hijab British Brand, InEsseence brings your quality and choice for all your essential modestwear needs. Be spoilt for choice when it comes to choosing colours, fabrics and sizes."
"Sony 10DMW47SS 2X 4.7 GB DVD-RW Disc 10-Pack Now you can create, edit and archive home movies and digital photos while storing and accessing data from one disc. DVD-RW discs capture all digital data brilliantly, and are large enough to hold oversized digital movie files."
The Way to Geometry (Perfect Library) 
"The Headscarves printed cotton short tails chemo cap ( BUY 1 GET 1 SLEEP CAP FREE ) Turban Chemo Beanie Scarf Turban Cap chemo Turban wig for cancer patients wig for women alopecia Trichotillomania Bandana sleep cap Head coverings headwear pre tied chemotherapy hairloss underscarf caps under Hijabs Women Pregnancy Caps Material: 100% cotton short tail cap, shell -100% cotton, lined - 100% cotton, breathable fabric for comfort and style. The scarf cap gives fuller look. Lightly padded at the front for fuller look and great fit. Simply tie the tails at the end and you are ready to go."
"Sony 4.7 GB 10 pack Blank dvd Perfectly Captures a Lot of DataConveniently create and archive your home videos, favourite movies, personalized playlist and memorable pictures with the Sony 4.7GB DVD. It offers you about 4.7GB worth of storage space or 120 minutes of recording. So, you can store your video footage on it without losing the image quality. Owing to the -R format, each DVD in this 10 blank DVD pack acts as a more permanent form of data storage. So, bring this pack of 10 discs by Sony and safely archive all your important personal and official data.Works Well with Most DVD PlayersThe Sony 4.7GB 10 pack blank DVDs offer 16x writing speed, which lets you transfer data at great speed. The discs are compatible with most DVD players and DVD drives on desktop PCs and laptops. You can use also this disc for the sensitive data related to your work, as it offers a write-once data recording format, keeping your data safe from accidental erasure. Thanks to the compact stack of this blank DVD pack, you can comfortably carry them in your bag to work or when you go on holiday, and access your important personal data anytime.Brand: SonyType: DVD-RIncludes: 10 blank discsCapacity: 4.7GB eachWriting Speed: 16xOffers more permanent data storageCompatible with: Most new DVD players and DVD-ROM drives"
"Pitaara Box Romantic Venice Canvas Painting 6mm Thick Mdf Frame 21.1 X 14Inch Enclosure Material:MDF Mount Frame                                                                                 |                            Size:21.1inch x 14inch (53.6cms x 35.6cms)   SIZE: 21.1 inch x 14.0 inch (53.6 cms x 35.6 cms)  Enhance the beauty of your room walls with this breathtaking digital printed artwork. Our high-end printing technology captures every detail of the image in our prints on enhanced matte painting canvas, ensuring rich and lively colours. This wall art panel is mounted on MDF and ready to hang on walls. Beautiful interior home d©cor artwork gifts for Living, Dining Room, Outdoor, Gallery, Hotels, Restaurants, Office, Reception, Kitchen Area, Balcony and Bathroom.  Pitaara Box offers an exclusive collection of thousands of artworks, digital paintings, canvas prints, wall posters, and other wall decor products for your home, office, and surroundings. We provide a never-ending range of creative and spectacular art products, which can be used for gifting on every occasion and every season.  TAGS: wall, paintings, canvas, prints, modern, art, abstract, designer, wallart, artwork, home, bedroom, dining, living, drawing, room, digital, printing, bathroom, common, area, kitchen, office, decorative, stretch, stretched, framed, framing, beautiful, classy, royal, special, unique, elegant, stylish, creative, affordable, best, photo, gifts, fabrics, balcony, interior, exterior, outdoor, gallery, hotels, restaurants, colourful, colorful, small, large, extra large, oversized, hangings, giant, slim, durable, waterproof, buy, shop, purchase, decor, online, Places, Vintage, Canvas, romantic, Venice, artwork, painting, style"
"Analytical Geometry: 2D and 3D, 1e "
Sony DVD-R JC DVD-R 16X 4.7GB/120min (10Pc./PACK)
"Women's Pleated Head Wrap Knit Bonnet Turban/Pleated Stretchable Polyester Women’s Turban Head Cover/Sun Cap 100% Polyester, 100% Polyester Model/Style: fitted; Suitable for head circumference 58cm/22.8inch. Full and classic in style Ttoday, we wear them for sun cover to protect our hair when sunbathing, for bad hair days (with or without wigs), or during times when medical treatments prevent our hair from looking Its best"
"Incredible Gifts India Wooden Happy Birthday Unique Personalized Gift (5 X 4 Inch) Size:4 x 5   Made Of Natural Imported Wood, Which Is Quite Solid With Light Particle Pattern & Is Soft Pale To Blond Colour. Your Uploaded Photo Will Look Amazing And Beautiful After Laser Engraving On It. This Is One Of The Most Popular Unique Gifts In Our Store. We Offer This In Multiple Sizes, Some Can Be Used As Table Top And The Big Sizes Can Be Used As Wall Hanging Which Just Blends With Your Home Decaration. You Just Need To Upload A Picture And Add Your Own Text And We Will Do The Rest For You. We Will Email You The Preview Before Making The Final Product. Do You Want The Best Moment Of Your Life To Be Engraved On A Wooden Plaque That Lasts For A Longer Time And Stays Close To You Forever? Then You Are At The Right Place. We Present To You Various Sizes Personalized Engraved Wooden Plaques Made With Birch Wood. Let Your Memories Be Engraved On Wooden Plaques And Stay With Your Forever."
"The Headscarves Women's Cotton Chemo Scarf (Black and Grey, Free Size) It is 100% cotton knit one size fits most. Made beautifully with contrast fabric for sporty look. Cut out flower patch add glam to the look. Visor knit cap perfect for any day out. It is crafted from cotton material and comes in black and grey."
"Paper Plane Design Framed Wall Hanging Motivational Office Decor Art Prints (8.7 X 8.7 inch) - Set of 4 Painting made up in synthetic frame with uv textured print which gives multi effects and attracts towards it. This is an special series of paintings which makes your wall very beautiful and gives a royal touch. This painting is ready to hang, you would be proud to possess this unique painting that is a niche apart. We use only the most modern and efficient printing technology on our prints, with only the and inks and precision epson, roland and hp printers. This innovative hd printing technique results in durable and spectacular looking prints of the highest that last a lifetime. We print solely with top-notch 100% inks, to achieve brilliant and true colours. Due to their high level of uv resistance, our prints retain their beautiful colours for many years. Add colour and style to your living space with this digitally printed painting. Some are for pleasure and some for eternal bliss.so bring home this elegant print that is lushed with rich colors that makes it nothing but sheer elegance to be to your friends and family.it would be treasured forever by whoever your lucky recipient is. Liven up your place with these intriguing paintings that are high definition hd graphic digital prints for home, office or any room."
M-DISC 4.7GB Recordable DVD Single Disc Pack. Archival storage medium M-DISC- Recordable DVD 4.7GB of data with a 1000 Year Life. Tested and verified by U.S. military for its 1000 year life.
"Vectors and 3D Geometry for JEE Main and Advanced About the Author An editorial team of highly skilled professionals at Arihant, works hand in glove to ensure that the students receive the best and accurate content through our books. From inception till the book comes out from print, the whole team comprising of authors, editors, proof-readers and various other involved in shaping the book put in their best efforts, knowledge and experience to produce the rigorous content the students receive. Keeping in mind the specific requirements of the students and various examinations, the carefully designed exam oriented and exam ready content comes out only after intensive research and analysis. The experts have adopted whole new style of presenting the content which is easily understandable, leaving behind the old traditional methods which once used to be the most effective. They have been developing the latest content and updates as per the needs and requirements of the students making our books a hallmark for quality and reliability for the past 15 years."
"Sony 4.7 GB 10 pack Blank dvd Perfectly Captures a Lot of DataConveniently create and archive your home videos, favourite movies, personalized playlist and memorable pictures with the Sony 4.7GB DVD. It offers you about 4.7GB worth of storage space or 120 minutes of recording. So, you can store your video footage on it without losing the image quality. Owing to the -R format, each DVD in this 10 blank DVD pack acts as a more permanent form of data storage. So, bring this pack of 10 discs by Sony and safely archive all your important personal and official data.Works Well with Most DVD PlayersThe Sony 4.7GB 10 pack blank DVDs offer 16x writing speed, which lets you transfer data at great speed. The discs are compatible with most DVD players and DVD drives on desktop PCs and laptops. You can use also this disc for the sensitive data related to your work, as it offers a write-once data recording format, keeping your data safe from accidental erasure. Thanks to the compact stack of this blank DVD pack, you can comfortably carry them in your bag to work or when you go on holiday, and access your important personal data anytime.Brand: SonyType: DVD-RIncludes: 10 blank discsCapacity: 4.7GB eachWriting Speed: 16xOffers more permanent data storageCompatible with: Most new DVD players and DVD-ROM drives"
Mathematics for Joint Entrance Examination JEE (Advanced) Coordinate Geometry 
"Paper Plane Design Starry Night Vangoh Wall Art Canvas Painting. Large Size Rolled Canvas Art Print (36"" X 48"") We use only the most modern and efficient printing technology on our canvases, with only the best and original inks and precision Epson< Roland and HP printers. This innovative HD printing technique results in durable and spectacular looking prints of the highest quality that last a lifetime. We print solely with top-notch inks, to achieve brilliant and true colours. Due to their high level of UV Resistance, our Canvas prints retain their beautiful colours for many years. Our canvases contain high levels of white, to ensure that the colours of your original image are reproduced exactly, with brilliant tones. Add colour and style to your living space with this digitally printed canvas painting. Some gifts are for pleasure and some for eternal bliss.So bring home this elegant Canvas print that is lushed with Rich colors that makes it nothing but sheer elegance to be gifted to your friends and family.It would be treasured forever by whoever your lucky recipient is. Liven up your place with these intriguing paintings on canvas that are high definition hd graphic digital prints for home, office or any room. A perfect size of 36 inches x 48 inches suits every size of space and are a great match with every architectural setting. We prove raw canvas prints with special left extra margins for any type of framing required which you can get done as you please. Art comes in a safe delivery tube. prints are made using latest technology and original inks to get a perfect colour and long lasting design."
"Vritraz Women's Chiffon Belly Dance Hip Scarf Waistband Belt Skirt Mixed Colors Beads and Golded Coins 56 Gold Color:Gold   VRITRAZ BELLY DANCE SCARF SERIES:   Simple and perfect for practice or just as a fashion accessory! Beautiful color Egyptian belly dancing hip wraps hand crocheted delicately with multiple rows of gold beads and coins. All beads and coins are hand sewn, not mass produced! This scarf creates loud and lovely sound when the dancers move and shakes hip.Express your inner power, beauty and feminity in our designer belly dancing scarves, as a dancing tool, match with any outfit, shawl, head wrap etc. Wonderful over a bathing suit or as a belly dance wrap.Sheer and elegant you will be the Diva of the dance when you don this scarf.Enjoy and feel the glamour as you twirl and whirl in this scarf."
"LG 24x Internal DVD Writer (Black and Grey) The LG Super-Multi internal DVD Rewriter features a 24x DVD write speed and a 48x write speed for CD-R. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the reads and writes in CD, DVD, DVD and DVD RAM formats giving you the option to choose the media best suited for each task."
Mathematics for Joint Entrance Examination JEE (Advanced) Vectors and 3D Geometry 
