"Paper Plane Design Framed Wall Hanging Motivational Office Decor Art Prints (8.7 X 8.7 inch) - Set of 4 Painting made up in synthetic frame with uv textured print which gives multi effects and attracts towards it. This is an special series of paintings which makes your wall very beautiful and gives a royal touch. This painting is ready to hang, you would be proud to possess this unique painting that is a niche apart. We use only the most modern and efficient printing technology on our prints, with only the and inks and precision epson, roland and hp printers. This innovative hd printing technique results in durable and spectacular looking prints of the highest that last a lifetime. We print solely with top-notch 100% inks, to achieve brilliant and true colours. Due to their high level of uv resistance, our prints retain their beautiful colours for many years. Add colour and style to your living space with this digitally printed painting. Some are for pleasure and some for eternal bliss.so bring home this elegant print that is lushed with rich colors that makes it nothing but sheer elegance to be to your friends and family.it would be treasured forever by whoever your lucky recipient is. Liven up your place with these intriguing paintings that are high definition hd graphic digital prints for home, office or any room."
"SAF 'UV Textured Modern Art Print Framed' Painting (Synthetic, 35 cm x 50 cm x 3 cm, Set of 3) Color:Multicolor                                                                                 |                            Size:35 cm x 50 cm x 3 cm   Overview a beautiful painting involves the action or skill of using paint in the right manner; hence, the end product will be a picture that can speak a thousand words they say. Arts have been in trend for quite some time now. It can give different viewer different meanings style and design the SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame is quite abstract and mysteriously beautiful. The painting has a nice frame to it. You can gift this to a family or a friend. The painting has various forms of certain figures on it as seen in the image. You can add a good set of lights to the place where the painting is and the decor will give a different feel and look to the place. Quality and durability the painting has a matte finish and includes a good quality frame and will last for a long period. However, it does not include glass along with the frame. Specifications you can purchase SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame on amazon.in. It is the most customer-friendly platform with a wide range of products to choose from, and shopping is just a click away!"
"SAF Flower Print Framed Painting (Synthetic, 13.5 inch x 22 inch, UV Textured, Set of 3, SANFSW4951) Color:Multicolor                                                                                 |                            Size:35 cm x 50 cm x 2 cm   A beautiful painting involves the action or skill of using paint in the right manner, hence, the end product will be a picture that can speak a thousand words they say. Arts have been in trend for quite some time now. It can give different viewer different meanings style and design the saf wood matte painting with frame is quite abstract and mysteriously beautiful. The painting has a nice frame to it. You can gift this to a family or a friend. The painting has various forms of certain figures on it as seen in the image. You can add a good set of lights to the place where the painting is and the decor will give a different feel and look to the place. Quality and durability the painting has a matte finish and includes a good quality frame and will last for a long period. However, it does not include glass along with the frame."
"Incredible Gifts India Wooden Happy Birthday Unique Personalized Gift (5 X 4 Inch) Size:4 x 5   Made Of Natural Imported Wood, Which Is Quite Solid With Light Particle Pattern & Is Soft Pale To Blond Colour. Your Uploaded Photo Will Look Amazing And Beautiful After Laser Engraving On It. This Is One Of The Most Popular Unique Gifts In Our Store. We Offer This In Multiple Sizes, Some Can Be Used As Table Top And The Big Sizes Can Be Used As Wall Hanging Which Just Blends With Your Home Decaration. You Just Need To Upload A Picture And Add Your Own Text And We Will Do The Rest For You. We Will Email You The Preview Before Making The Final Product. Do You Want The Best Moment Of Your Life To Be Engraved On A Wooden Plaque That Lasts For A Longer Time And Stays Close To You Forever? Then You Are At The Right Place. We Present To You Various Sizes Personalized Engraved Wooden Plaques Made With Birch Wood. Let Your Memories Be Engraved On Wooden Plaques And Stay With Your Forever."
"Pitaara Box Romantic Venice Canvas Painting 6mm Thick Mdf Frame 21.1 X 14Inch Enclosure Material:MDF Mount Frame                                                                                 |                            Size:21.1inch x 14inch (53.6cms x 35.6cms)   SIZE: 21.1 inch x 14.0 inch (53.6 cms x 35.6 cms)  Enhance the beauty of your room walls with this breathtaking digital printed artwork. Our high-end printing technology captures every detail of the image in our prints on enhanced matte painting canvas, ensuring rich and lively colours. This wall art panel is mounted on MDF and ready to hang on walls. Beautiful interior home d©cor artwork gifts for Living, Dining Room, Outdoor, Gallery, Hotels, Restaurants, Office, Reception, Kitchen Area, Balcony and Bathroom.  Pitaara Box offers an exclusive collection of thousands of artworks, digital paintings, canvas prints, wall posters, and other wall decor products for your home, office, and surroundings. We provide a never-ending range of creative and spectacular art products, which can be used for gifting on every occasion and every season.  TAGS: wall, paintings, canvas, prints, modern, art, abstract, designer, wallart, artwork, home, bedroom, dining, living, drawing, room, digital, printing, bathroom, common, area, kitchen, office, decorative, stretch, stretched, framed, framing, beautiful, classy, royal, special, unique, elegant, stylish, creative, affordable, best, photo, gifts, fabrics, balcony, interior, exterior, outdoor, gallery, hotels, restaurants, colourful, colorful, small, large, extra large, oversized, hangings, giant, slim, durable, waterproof, buy, shop, purchase, decor, online, Places, Vintage, Canvas, romantic, Venice, artwork, painting, style"
"Paper Plane Design Starry Night Vangoh Wall Art Canvas Painting. Large Size Rolled Canvas Art Print (36"" X 48"") We use only the most modern and efficient printing technology on our canvases, with only the best and original inks and precision Epson< Roland and HP printers. This innovative HD printing technique results in durable and spectacular looking prints of the highest quality that last a lifetime. We print solely with top-notch inks, to achieve brilliant and true colours. Due to their high level of UV Resistance, our Canvas prints retain their beautiful colours for many years. Our canvases contain high levels of white, to ensure that the colours of your original image are reproduced exactly, with brilliant tones. Add colour and style to your living space with this digitally printed canvas painting. Some gifts are for pleasure and some for eternal bliss.So bring home this elegant Canvas print that is lushed with Rich colors that makes it nothing but sheer elegance to be gifted to your friends and family.It would be treasured forever by whoever your lucky recipient is. Liven up your place with these intriguing paintings on canvas that are high definition hd graphic digital prints for home, office or any room. A perfect size of 36 inches x 48 inches suits every size of space and are a great match with every architectural setting. We prove raw canvas prints with special left extra margins for any type of framing required which you can get done as you please. Art comes in a safe delivery tube. prints are made using latest technology and original inks to get a perfect colour and long lasting design."
"Pitaara Box Romantic Venice Canvas Painting 6mm Thick Mdf Frame 21.1 X 14Inch Enclosure Material:MDF Mount Frame                                                                                 |                            Size:21.1inch x 14inch (53.6cms x 35.6cms)   SIZE: 21.1 inch x 14.0 inch (53.6 cms x 35.6 cms)  Enhance the beauty of your room walls with this breathtaking digital printed artwork. Our high-end printing technology captures every detail of the image in our prints on enhanced matte painting canvas, ensuring rich and lively colours. This wall art panel is mounted on MDF and ready to hang on walls. Beautiful interior home d©cor artwork gifts for Living, Dining Room, Outdoor, Gallery, Hotels, Restaurants, Office, Reception, Kitchen Area, Balcony and Bathroom.  Pitaara Box offers an exclusive collection of thousands of artworks, digital paintings, canvas prints, wall posters, and other wall decor products for your home, office, and surroundings. We provide a never-ending range of creative and spectacular art products, which can be used for gifting on every occasion and every season.  TAGS: wall, paintings, canvas, prints, modern, art, abstract, designer, wallart, artwork, home, bedroom, dining, living, drawing, room, digital, printing, bathroom, common, area, kitchen, office, decorative, stretch, stretched, framed, framing, beautiful, classy, royal, special, unique, elegant, stylish, creative, affordable, best, photo, gifts, fabrics, balcony, interior, exterior, outdoor, gallery, hotels, restaurants, colourful, colorful, small, large, extra large, oversized, hangings, giant, slim, durable, waterproof, buy, shop, purchase, decor, online, Places, Vintage, Canvas, romantic, Venice, artwork, painting, style"
"SAF 'Ganesh Modern Art Print' Painting (Synthetic, 35 cm x 50 cm x 2 cm, Set of 3) Color:Multicolor   Overview a beautiful painting involves the action or skill of using paint in the right manner; hence, the end product will be a picture that can speak a thousand words they say. Arts have been in trend for quite some time now. It can give different viewer different meanings style and design the SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame is quite abstract and mysteriously beautiful. The painting has a nice frame to it. You can gift this to a family or a friend. The painting has various forms of certain figures on it as seen in the image. You can add a good set of lights to the place where the painting is and the decor will give a different feel and look to the place. Quality and durability the painting has a matte finish and includes a good quality frame and will last for a long period. However, it does not include glass along with the frame. Specifications you can purchase SAF wood matte abstract painting with frame on amazon.in. It is the most customer-friendly platform with a wide range of products to choose from, and shopping is just a click away!"
Paintings Villa UV Textured Modern Art Print Framed Painting Home Decoration - Size 35 X 2 X 50 cm Paintings Villa UV Textured Modern Art Print Framed Painting Home Decoration - Size 35 X 2 X 50 cm Decorate your home and office walls with these artistic design satin matt texture framed UV art print from MAV. Each design reflects the artistic qualities and time one has taken to design this poster. Exquisitely printed and framed it is also a perfect gifting option for your colleagues loved ones and family members. These frames don't include glass so it is very light weight and wet cloth can be used to clean it.
"Painting Mantra Art Street - Jardin Bird Framed Art Print Set of 4 Black (10 x 10 inch) Color:Color - Black ||Theme - Jardin Black   Breath new life into your home and office with this original painting re-print. These high quality printed canvas are of size 10 inch by 10 inch, comes framed and ready to hang. Note: Print doesn't need any glass for protection and hence this comes without the glass."
"The Blazze Outdoor Seamless Bandanas Tube,Womens and Mens Headband Headwear Headwrap Headwear is made of Breathable 100% Polyester (Microfiber) fabric; Quick Drying, Sweat Wicking and Super Soft Tubular shape with 19＂ x 9.5＂(L x W) Completely seamless with elastic properties No sewn edges to irritate your skin UV PROTECTION: Ultraviolet protection that helps avoid dangerous UV radiation when in direct sunlight HIGHLY VERSATILE: Use as a headband for running DRIES QUICKLY: Due to the breathable Microfiber fabric the headwear is fast drying and comfortable on your skin"
"InEssence© New Viscose Scarf Ladies Wrap Hijab British Brand, InEsseence brings your quality and choice for all your essential modestwear needs. Be spoilt for choice when it comes to choosing colours, fabrics and sizes."
"Women's Pleated Head Wrap Knit Bonnet Turban/Pleated Stretchable Polyester Women’s Turban Head Cover/Sun Cap 100% Polyester, 100% Polyester Model/Style: fitted; Suitable for head circumference 58cm/22.8inch. Full and classic in style Ttoday, we wear them for sun cover to protect our hair when sunbathing, for bad hair days (with or without wigs), or during times when medical treatments prevent our hair from looking Its best"
"The Headscarves printed cotton short tails chemo cap ( BUY 1 GET 1 SLEEP CAP FREE ) Turban Chemo Beanie Scarf Turban Cap chemo Turban wig for cancer patients wig for women alopecia Trichotillomania Bandana sleep cap Head coverings headwear pre tied chemotherapy hairloss underscarf caps under Hijabs Women Pregnancy Caps Material: 100% cotton short tail cap, shell -100% cotton, lined - 100% cotton, breathable fabric for comfort and style. The scarf cap gives fuller look. Lightly padded at the front for fuller look and great fit. Simply tie the tails at the end and you are ready to go."
"Vritraz Women's Chiffon Belly Dance Hip Scarf Waistband Belt Skirt Mixed Colors Beads and Golded Coins 56 Gold Color:Gold   VRITRAZ BELLY DANCE SCARF SERIES:   Simple and perfect for practice or just as a fashion accessory! Beautiful color Egyptian belly dancing hip wraps hand crocheted delicately with multiple rows of gold beads and coins. All beads and coins are hand sewn, not mass produced! This scarf creates loud and lovely sound when the dancers move and shakes hip.Express your inner power, beauty and feminity in our designer belly dancing scarves, as a dancing tool, match with any outfit, shawl, head wrap etc. Wonderful over a bathing suit or as a belly dance wrap.Sheer and elegant you will be the Diva of the dance when you don this scarf.Enjoy and feel the glamour as you twirl and whirl in this scarf."
"The Headscarves Women's Cotton Chemo Scarf (Black and Grey, Free Size) It is 100% cotton knit one size fits most. Made beautifully with contrast fabric for sporty look. Cut out flower patch add glam to the look. Visor knit cap perfect for any day out. It is crafted from cotton material and comes in black and grey."
"SHVAS 10 PCS Headwear Headband Head Wrap Bandana - 10 PCS Magic Scarf Face Mask Elastic Seamless Neck Gaiter UV Resistence Outdoor Sport for Men Women Kids [10PCS - Random Designs & Colours] Description features: there are several ways to use headscarf . can be used as scarves, scarf, headband, sandstorm cover, no eaves round hat, cap pocket ( leaving only the face and head , ears , neck cover ) , pirates tied method , wrist , and so on . skinny little girl can also be worn on the body . you can rest imagination , to find out more usage. Versatile: whether you are skiing , running, hiking , tennis , hiking, or motorcycles, bicycles , mountain climbing , or normal wear , are able to meet the need . seamless headscarf is the most popular and practical outdoor fashion headwear equipment because it is simple , so wonderful . because of its fashion and practicality make a listing popular Size : 48cm x 24cm ( manual measurement error 1 cm) weight : 35g pattern by random package include: 10 x scarf"
"Hijab TUBE CAP Women Under Scarf Stole Men Bonnet Head Hair Band Muslim Abaya Product Specifications: Each turbun is made with soft fabric and beautifully finished for a perfect fit. Stretches to fit most head sizes. Fabrics: PolyCotton. Good quality fabric,soft and comfortable,sweat absorbent,breathable,smooth surface. Soft breathable fabric feels good on the head. Caps are easy to wear, sweating free, light weight and comfortable. Protects your hair: It's perfectly designed for women with hair loss due to cancer, alopecia, chemotherapy or any other medical condition. Women that are undergoing chemotherapy use during the day when you don't want to wear a wig that irritates. Or use during the night to have a comfortable night sleep and keep the head warm. Occassions: Seamless, lightweight and stretchable fabric keep you comfortable in any position. You could wear them to work and everywhere you go.They are not to hot in this weather and they keep head warm in warmer weather.It fits good so doesn't have to worry it will fall off in windy weather and blow away. Washing Instructions: Hand wash or machine wash, Cold, gentle cycle. Dry flat or hang to dry. Do not bleach. Note- Color may vary in Shade(it may be little dark or light). Due To Different Screen Resolution"
"Trendz Handpicked Multicolour Steel and Plastic Head Hijab and Scarf Pins - Pack of 120 This is a Pack Of 120 Pieces Mixed Color HIJAB PINS / SCARF PINs. Pearl Head Pins for Wedding, Florist, Decorating Pins, Art and Crat, Multipurpose Pins. Also use our fashion jewelry and other party wear products like Foldable Floral Stone Hair Clip With Pins For Women, Plastic Banana Hair Clips for Girls and Women, Butterfly Funky Fashionable Stone Hair Clip For Girls & Women, Sparkling Stone Hair Accessories Brooch For Women/Girls, Designer Blue Stone Hair Clip for Women, Princess Crown Hair band Fashionable Stone Hair Clip With Pins For Women Girls, Pink Flower With Stone Clip, Handcrafted Designer Hair Accessories, Daily Use Black Metal Triangular Tic Tac Hair Clips for Girls and Women, Fashionable Hairclip Made By Pearl & Stone For Girls, Party Casual Wedding wear Designer Premium fancy Combo Of Golden Saree Pin/Sari Pin/Brooch/Broach For Women, Studded With Sparkling White Colour Stone & Beads Hair Accessories Brooch, Party Casual Wedding wear Designer Premium fancy Hair Clip/ Hair Jewellery For Women, Gold Plated Multi Strand Necklace With Drop Earring For Women, Gold plated BrassHandmade Filigree Ethnic Traditional, Saree Clip Jhumka Chabi Challa Waist Key Chain, Party Casual Wedding wear Two Tone Style Original Look Fine Golden Rodium Glorious Long Mangalsutra (MS) for women(30INCH), Gold Plated Dancing Peacock Pearl Brooch Cum Saree Pin For Women And Girls, Ethnic Velvet Saree Clutch Mobile Pouch Waist Clip Ladies Purse Gift For Women, 40 Pcs Safety Pins For Blankets, Skirts,Cloths,Paper And Sarees, Ethnic Beads & Pearl Clutch Raw Silk Saree Clutch Mobile Pouch Waist Clip Ladies Purse Gift For Women, etc."
"Noise NOIHWP167 13-in-1 Piston Skull Multifuntional Polyester Bandana, Free Size (Multicolour) Each head wrap can be worn in 13 different styles like bandanna, head-band, wrist-band, sleeves, cap, pirate cap, bavaclave, alice band and more (please refer to the collage for different ways and styles of wearing the head wraps). Apart from the styling, these head wraps protect you from dirt, dust and sunlight. These head wraps are made of seamless micro-fibre that absorbs sweat in summers and protects you in winters. Noise is a youth-centric unisex brand for adventure and sports. Their revolutionary head wraps are funky, sporty and yet a very useful fashion accessory for all age groups. Light and thin, breathable and silky smooth, both aesthetic and physical feel-good factors are in it just for you. Now have fun assembling your own headwrap for you and your loved ones."
"Inditradition Frontech Professional Blank DVD-R (Pack of 50) This DVD offers wide compatibility, stable writing and temperature adaptability."
Dell DW316 External USB Slim DVD R/W Optical Drive 429-AAUX DW316 Ext USB Optical Drive
"Sony 10DMW47SS 2X 4.7 GB DVD-RW Disc 10-Pack Now you can create, edit and archive home movies and digital photos while storing and accessing data from one disc. DVD-RW discs capture all digital data brilliantly, and are large enough to hold oversized digital movie files."
"Sony 4.7 GB 10 pack Blank dvd Perfectly Captures a Lot of DataConveniently create and archive your home videos, favourite movies, personalized playlist and memorable pictures with the Sony 4.7GB DVD. It offers you about 4.7GB worth of storage space or 120 minutes of recording. So, you can store your video footage on it without losing the image quality. Owing to the -R format, each DVD in this 10 blank DVD pack acts as a more permanent form of data storage. So, bring this pack of 10 discs by Sony and safely archive all your important personal and official data.Works Well with Most DVD PlayersThe Sony 4.7GB 10 pack blank DVDs offer 16x writing speed, which lets you transfer data at great speed. The discs are compatible with most DVD players and DVD drives on desktop PCs and laptops. You can use also this disc for the sensitive data related to your work, as it offers a write-once data recording format, keeping your data safe from accidental erasure. Thanks to the compact stack of this blank DVD pack, you can comfortably carry them in your bag to work or when you go on holiday, and access your important personal data anytime.Brand: SonyType: DVD-RIncludes: 10 blank discsCapacity: 4.7GB eachWriting Speed: 16xOffers more permanent data storageCompatible with: Most new DVD players and DVD-ROM drives"
M-DISC 4.7GB Recordable DVD Single Disc Pack. Archival storage medium M-DISC- Recordable DVD 4.7GB of data with a 1000 Year Life. Tested and verified by U.S. military for its 1000 year life.
Sony DVD-R JC DVD-R 16X 4.7GB/120min (10Pc./PACK)
"LG 24x Internal DVD Writer (Black and Grey) The LG Super-Multi internal DVD Rewriter features a 24x DVD write speed and a 48x write speed for CD-R. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the reads and writes in CD, DVD, DVD and DVD RAM formats giving you the option to choose the media best suited for each task."
"Frontech 4.7 GB 5001 FD Blank DVD-R - 50 Pcs This DVD offers wide compatibility, stable writing and temperature adaptability. Optical media 4.7 GB and 120 Min 50 pkt (FT)."
LG GH24NSD1 Internal SATA DVD Writer The M-DISC uses a patent rock-like recording surface instead of organic dye to etch your data onto a disc. The M-DISC has been tested and proven to outlast standard DVDs currently on the market.
Sony DVD-R Media 50 Pack sony 50dmr47sb - 50 x dvd-r - 4.7 gb ( 120min ) 16x - brick
"JX2 SATA to USB 2.0 External Slim Laptop CD, DVD Drive Enclosure Case Specifications- Brand New and High Quality  USB 2.0 powered device, no external AC power is needed One USB 2.0 data connector Fully plug and play supported Support Win 98 or above (Win 7 READY), MAC OS, Linux Package Content 1x Slim line SATA Optical Device Enclosure Case 1x USB 2.0 data cable"
"Euclid's Window: The Story of Geometry from Parallel Lines to Hyperspace About the Author Leonard Mlodinow, PhD, was a member of the faculty of the Californian Institute of Technology before moving to Hollywoos to become a writer for televsion. He has developed many best seliing and award-winning CD-ROMs and is currently VIce President,Emerging Technologies and R&D at Scolastic Inc. He lives in New York City."
"Analytical Geometry: 2D and 3D, 1e "
"Vectors and 3D Geometry for JEE Main and Advanced About the Author An editorial team of highly skilled professionals at Arihant, works hand in glove to ensure that the students receive the best and accurate content through our books. From inception till the book comes out from print, the whole team comprising of authors, editors, proof-readers and various other involved in shaping the book put in their best efforts, knowledge and experience to produce the rigorous content the students receive. Keeping in mind the specific requirements of the students and various examinations, the carefully designed exam oriented and exam ready content comes out only after intensive research and analysis. The experts have adopted whole new style of presenting the content which is easily understandable, leaving behind the old traditional methods which once used to be the most effective. They have been developing the latest content and updates as per the needs and requirements of the students making our books a hallmark for quality and reliability for the past 15 years."
Mathematics for Joint Entrance Examination JEE (Advanced) Coordinate Geometry 
Mathematics for Joint Entrance Examination JEE (Advanced) Vectors and 3D Geometry 
The Way to Geometry (Perfect Library) 
"A SCHOOL GEOMETRY About the Author An editorial team of highly skilled professionals at Arihant, works hand in glove to ensure that the students receive the best and accurate content through our books. From inception till the book comes out from print, the whole team comprising of authors, editors, proofreaders and various other involved in shaping the book put in their best efforts, knowledge and experience to produce the rigorous content the students receive. Keeping in mind the specific requirements of the students and various examinations, the carefully designed exam oriented and exam ready content comes out only after intensive research and analysis. The experts have adopted whole new style of presenting the content which is easily understandable, leaving behind the old traditional methods which once used to be the most effective. They have been developing the latest content & updates as per the needs and requirements of the students making our books a hallmark for quality and reliability for the past 15 years."
"Euclid's Window: The Story of Geometry from Parallel Lines to Hyperspace Amazon.com Review ""How do you know where you are?"" asks Leonard Mlodinow in his charming mathematical history, Euclid's Window. This question and others about space and time grew out of simple observations of the environment by a select group of thinkers whose lives and brains Mlodinow dissects. Starting with Euclid, geometry has flowed out over the centuries, describing the universe, and, Mlodinow argues, making modern civilization possible. This is not just a history of geometry--it's a timeline of reason and abstraction, with all the major players present: Euclid, Descartes, Gauss, Einstein, and Witten, each represented by a minibiography.  Lots of examples pepper the narrative to help readers achieve their own ""eureka!"" And it's impossible not to be staggered at the mathematical feats of these geniuses, accomplished as many of them were in the absence of anything but observation and intense thought. Each story builds satisfactorily on the last, until at the end of this delightful book, one has a sense of having climbed a peak of understanding. A working knowledge of basic geometry is helpful but not essential for enjoying Euclid's Window, and Mlodinow's chatty style lends itself remarkably well to explaining these deep and revolutionary concepts. --Adam Fisher  From Booklist Mlodinow's spry account of geometry stresses the stature of the greatest math book of all time, Euclid's Elements. Although the three-dimensional space he described in it doesn't truly represent the shape of nature, Euclid compensated by codifying an attitude essential to rational thinking--to wit, distrust intuition and therefore don't accept unjustified assumptions. Unfortunately, Euclid himself made one unjustified assumption, the parallel postulate, which worked fine in the flat-Earth mathematical world that existed until Carl Friedrich Gauss dismantled it in the nineteenth century. Gauss invented a new geometry of curved or hyperbolic space, a feat that Mlodinow honors in such amusing asides as his remark on Kant's defense of Euclid: ""Gauss did not dismiss Kant's work out of hand. He read it, then dismissed it."" Such japes lighten and popularize Mlodinow's approach to the further demolition of Euclid by Gauss' student Georg Riemann, whose work critically contributed to the theory of general relativity. Mlodinow's lively exposition concludes with string theorists' claim that geometry possesses no fewer than 11 dimensions. Gilbert TaylorCopyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved               See all Product description"
Harrison's Principle of internal Medicine: 3rd Volume Harrisons Principles Of Internal Medicine Vol 3
"Medicine: Prep Manual for Undergraduates About the Author K George Mathew (MD) is working as Associate Specialist, Department of Orthogeriatrics, Torbay Hospital, Torquay, Devon, London. He was formerly Associate Professor, Department of Medicine, Kasturba Medical College, Manipal, Karnataka, India. Praveen Aggarwal (MD, DNB) is Professor and Head at Division of Emergency Medicine, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi."
"Textbook of Medicine (2 Volume Set): 1 & 2 About the Author KV Krishna Das BSc FRCP FAMS DTM&H Retired Director and Professor, Department of Medicine, Government Medical College, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India"
"API Textbook of Medicine (2 Volume) with CD-ROM: 1-2 About the Author YP Munjal MD, FICP, FIAMS, FACP, FIACMS, MAMS, FRCP (Edin) Medical Director and Hon. Senior Consultant, Diabetes & Life Style Disease Centre, Banarsidas Chandiwala Institute of Medical Science, Kalkaji, New Delhi, India"
"Brief Answers to the Big Questions: the final book from Stephen Hawking Review A beautiful book from a brilliant mindAlmost everything in Brief Answers is effortlessly instructive, absorbing, up to the minute and - where it matters - wittyThe best, most mind-bending sort of physics: black holes, time travel, the origins of the universeIt is that ultra-distinctive voice (modest, profound, sometimes very funny) that knits this book together 				    	 					 Book Description Read by Ben Whishaw and Garrick Hagon, with an afterword read by Lucy Hawking. The final book from Professor Stephen Hawking, the bestselling author of A BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME and arguably the most famous scientist of our age, BRIEF ANSWERS TO THE BIG QUESTIONS is a profound, accessible and timely reflection on the biggest questions in science.              See all Product description"
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































